›rentiis‚supersunt nonmzssa ahaex
{citatocapsszprimidemecusatiua
adGlaucon6‚easunt'2-fis1mulc1'im
febrisaegrotantemcortipit,vssuse.-
tiamdolox capitss,autaitcriuspat
tiscorpfflisxmolestass&febmabla-
fain totum dolorffledektescitsse³
bremnon‘rsseuerffiramoestm. Id
enimvt2plurimumin3altissfebtihus
noncoiatmgitj, qudd eammmate-
'riatantafimtvnicaaccessionedif
starivi·t'ebrss}iscalor‡s;n0n1va1eat‚
indeq3q'u0d superestadfutummfc
br‘emfagiendssssolorfilelumaegm·
tantimfert. Tssauerequidem opot
teanefciimssdicomatetiamutcau
tl‘amfebx‡s‚}eftomedat,me.vssll·e‚
hu11101em3uemzmateriamamau
ihmnomffloffimduceoe-caloremfe
brilcm.nam hocimpofsibileeifqi'as
tiseuidenter2inssanteced5tibusostk-
di,sed humotemssausamfautmate-

tiamimptopri‘b23nobis2dici,nam. 2v
propri&occafiodickdushutmorfos a ff
ret5m'fi‘eaimffleadeffegoe'r-iffma
gaas‚2ve126c'es3&frequentesdssaest022

We{ystoijcsffiualessunltfebrssesy h

nmissnffitgeteussss ῑζῑ ’ῑ 355323542'1»

'ffssupss‘rest‘ssc'aliudephemeraefess ἳ ’ ἒ

bris indicifi‘referrej faciffimsstaegrov
tantestolera'reipsamgQiaeausQQ η
quapessd&ssadepestexigua3vv‡ma‡ ,
vigintiquamon horarum-s atium-
dssir‘cutiendavfit. zEtiamquoddumz
fingtafebeeihba'lneumdescfidunt}
horrorenussocapiantussquifebxiss
emit. neque ahud* quidmtrssstffimm‘txss
tegquiacfimvniuersaffirbfcamht

ablatapezjantecedsstemaefcbsefflsff} v. -

nihilsupssrfitjquod-commotfi{fahe
ehquassumuissbainessjrigork,Qu't'tri‘ss
Ἴ &mam-1520 inferfz'zt.Hae5cfffiht.e{>he
metarum.miikimafignajwaezscia
rssscurat'ioaiaegrssikconducunsszffnaffi
§ert-ifaffiietphemeram{febrmpffae
gessiisb{gudanffcibuQssc-‘sstkmm

Diaridffimfebsssuffl? 346

aegroranticoncedssnms‚&confueta ς
ωυηίαὲυηάἑοδίῑς,9εῐῑῆέπέωῡε.ἦ ν
{Bebriumffephenaemrum minet
sageneficasxgnatec'esuimusffiapef
estdeeisdem specifica scriberem
curationempchEiassem,cuiquess‘ap-a
ponere.Neq3‘cfihae'cfecerin'm's,mo
dmmquem Galenusmzethodssmd
den&ipraescrqfimhrmbjmuszqmn ¹
potiuseundeminsszfcap.dearrecu- ,
zanua·adsslauconzaemulabimur: .
&sxquidexponendumffautaddeni
(1616,νεὶεεῑρεῃάῢωίηηεῃὲτίωω,
idomneexprimemusw ε

666636ωᾶ6666

{12indiciaephemeraefebfisffimg· ,
Γ. .ῑ ,ηε-166663 ext‘rflstitiassmmo&
=meurssgvssgeliige‘sciraaexazeaz
222v2.1-pf1·.deaztecuratssuaadfflam ,. ,
·τ,,ῑξ-εοῇεωεκαῑθηζῡῑ. 2 =

g ›·D{1f1giturver&his

mdo.potius‚{
ἕ abundanssssasszassoc
,,,, ,66066660ᾱῦ ⁷
ediffixhiszqfflpmptqrfuroteiffi -
ἱῧᾶὲαὸεξκξφῡὲτὲαῑεοξροςὲε46166
{uosjtristitquffffmin higquvscuk
ra*&esszuzp‚c6ni}>c³?giorexiftigocu-

mm]·prae‘tewass‘'c'au‘it'as5acquae&¹ ,

Ηκθῃξιιεεειόεεοὶοτπιο Haecquif
&emfflntssziriga'kssig-qxffqnoam. ·
ἀσᾶὶῡῑςσςέῑεέῖὲῠῇςῶὴῑωῑὲῠίᾶῑῑῦῖὲ* -
κίειιὲῑᾎιερῑαὲεὼῑᾱεῑῡὶὲέἐΐῗὶέξῡεκ
ι '‘ghNae‘fflvffisffiamssinAEQ
ffimaeffiwpeffimuscmffl
33:24¹ssss ffisssfissqzssssziffigenaeet
{nspsssse} {fufipfflicssacerzm
63ζὸἰὲςὰωεῃῑῶέςὲῃὶἱῑρεορτες-ἀίζεὶ
piixpasggwcoffifflspkassianemaff
qffagssssfflffe‘ogitssssmzitlfabffisrfqub& ·
{rssstsstigscjossxipffiae‚discessaereopori ψ
P3 tet.

 

’ςω-Ῥῖορτεξῖτὶῧῲ, ⁷ ‘⁷
&tiamssfebticitang ᾖξε

